README.md, before:

Made with Xunvyre's README generator ♡
# Interactive Employee Database
## Description
This is a simple CLI program that uses MySQL to help business owners or managers keep track of their employees.
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#installation)
* [Usage](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#usage)
* [Future Development](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#future-development)
* [Credits](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#credits)
## Installation
This app requires the NPM installation of console.table, express, inquirer, and mysql2. Please make sure to enter your own information where indicated.
## Usage
VIDEO HERE.
## Future Development
I would like to get rid of inquirer entirely in favor of a front end to the application, in addition to more search and organizational features that the front end would make easier to implement.
## Credits
Xunvyre 2022
## Contact
Please reach out to me with any questions or suggestions!
* Github: [xunvyre](https://github.com/xunvyre/)
* Email: xunvyre@gmail.com

Commit message:

video uploaded and added to readme

README.md, after:

Made with Xunvyre's README generator ♡
# Interactive Employee Database
## Description
This is a simple CLI program that uses MySQL to help business owners or managers keep track of their employees.
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#installation)
* [Usage](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#usage)
* [Future Development](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#future-development)
* [Credits](https://github.com/xunvyre/employee-tracker#credits)
## Installation
This app requires the NPM installation of console.table, express, inquirer, and mysql2. Please make sure to enter your own information where indicated.
## Usage
[Click here to view the official demo video!](https://youtu.be/0kn1eX3U9y8)
## Future Development
I would like to get rid of inquirer entirely in favor of a front end to the application, in addition to more search and organizational features that the front end would make easier to implement.
## Credits
Xunvyre 2022
## Contact
Please reach out to me with any questions or suggestions!
* Github: [xunvyre](https://github.com/xunvyre/)
* Email: xunvyre@gmail.com
